Support pre-processed community contracts documentation with API Reference (#421)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-docs: README.md

inside the [`icons folder`](./ui/theme/images/icons) matching the name.

Finally, add an entry for it inside the [`model.yml`](./ui/preview/model.yml) file, for UI development purposes.

### Pre-processing

The contents of each repository under `sources` in `playbook.yml` are used as-is
with no pre-processing. If the repository requires a pre-processing step, it must

> be done in the CI of that repository and the results pushed to a branch that should
> be then specified as the source in `playbook.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be done in the CI of that repository and the results pushed to a branch (e.g., `docs`).
This branch should then be specified as the source in `playbook.yml` instead of the
source branch (e.g., `HEAD`).
```

inside the [`icons folder`](./ui/theme/images/icons) matching the name.

Finally, add an entry for it inside the [`model.yml`](./ui/preview/model.yml) file, for UI development purposes.

> ### Post-processing
> 
> Generally, each repository under the `sources` field in the `playbook.yml` file
> will use `HEAD` as the default branch. However, if the repository requires to
> execute a post-processing step, a specific branch can be specified.
> 
> This site will pull in the latest version of the `branches` field from the
> `playbook.yml` source repository (i.e. `content.sources[*].branches`). This
> can be used to point to a post-processed branch.
> 
> An example of a CI Github Action that post-processes the `master` branch and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Pre-processing

The contents of each repository under `sources` in `playbook.yml` are used as-is
with no pre-processing. If the repository requires a pre-processing step, it must
be done in the CI of that repository and the results pushed to a branch. This branch
should be specified as the source in `playbook.yml` instead of the original branch.

An example of a CI Github Action that pre-processes the `master` branch and
```
